hey guys his model for wizards and today
I was shining you understand more creeps
and weirdos mod for minecraft 1.2 point
5 I also be showing you how to install
minecraft forge modloader in audio mind
because you need those 3 mods to to
install this mod anyways go two percent
app data % go to roaming go to dot
minecraft bin and then go to an open
your mind to dot minecraft or my couple
a jar with when why then if you have
meta info ready to eat it and then cali
huh Mike on something okay anyways
delete my lymph I open up your modloader
then do that jack up this file is now
open minecraft close it up your audio
mod do the same thing drag another close
everyone comes again I say don't shoot I
hope with my minecraft the case i'm not
sure if it works i do it does anything
but i do it okay now open minecraft
forge drag that get all these files
dragging them there okay now close out
your markup lot drier over minecraft
into a game unless if this does anything
but i did okay now open my work reefs in
Rita's mud and put this and drag these
two into the open spot cuz like last
time i tried to install it i actually
dragged into all the resources and yes
yes i dragged all the resources and
didn't work at all anyways do that close
both of those open minecraft and you
should have it and that's how you
install work creeps and weirdos mod so
i'll show it off for a little bit
building terrain ok more creeps and
weirdos has been loaded have fun well
that's quite the intro anyway like a
shove-mucker a little bit so as a doctor
all tickets guy looks good dog days ago
i think it's crazy scientist actually
yeah as you see everything is audio it's
quite loud spotted ok dad ok guys like
subscribe and see him next video